# 02-03-2020 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Elaine, GUO YAN JIA (D-B3-0173-6)
- Oscar, KUAN KA MENG (D-B5-2625-8)

## Finished items (from the last meeting notes)
- Trying and Familiaring to use the funciton of *Google Colab Notebook* with Python 3.
- Also, trying to use our own laptop to run the Python 3 program with *Jupyter Notebook*.

## Discussion
- Trying to find the most appropriate training algorithm and finish earlier the training coding.
- Because of the remaining time is limited, decide to keep the original deep learning method, or change to the another algorithm (such as *traditional recognition* method).

## Challenges
- The time is limited. Needed to set a plan of developing and coming report task.
- For the reason of virus outbreak, we cannot use the powerful GPU computer to train the model. We needed to decide keep the original deep learning method, or change to the another algorithm (such as *traditional recognition* method).
- For the training of the own laptop, it may have a very low efficiency problem by the hardware.

## To do
- [ ] Plan the "Working Schedule" with checkpoint.
- [ ] Finish the training programmign coding part.
- [ ] Finding the appropriate training algorithm.
- [ ] During the data training process, adjust the pooling, learning rate, etc. to confirm the reasonable accuracy.
- [ ] Record the accuracy, running time and fitting problem. Find the optimal one.

## Schedule
- Next Meeting: TBC
  - (For the reason of Prof. Zhang have a leave in this semester and virus outbreak, the coming meetings will use online tools.)
