# 13-01-2020 Meeting Notes 

## Attendees
- Elaine, GUO YAN JIA (D-B3-0173-6)
- Oscar, KUAN KA MENG (D-B5-2625-8)

## Finished items (from the last meeting notes)
- The GPU computer is repaired by William (in middle of Dec 2019).
- Because of the Ubuntu OS is re-installed, we tested the python developing environment. *(Result: It can work now.)*
- Setting up the deep learning environment. *(Partially finished: Solving the python library installation problem now.)*
- Find the heartbeat detect device.
  - *We buy an Arduino extension shield for detect the ECG signal, the signal output's quality is good after observation with Prof. Zhang.*

## Discussion
- Confirmed the next to-do plan.
- Change the model training method planning from "learning to database" to "collect ECG information by us".
- Notice what happen to the trained model: the accuracy and fitting problem.
- After the training is done, if the time is available, develop a GUI software to implement the "ECG Personal Identification"

## Challenges
- The time is limited. Needed to set a plan of developing and coming report task.

## To do
- [ ] Find and test the exist framework and dataset.
- [ ] During the data training process, adjust the pooling, learning rate, etc. to confirm the reasonable accuracy.
- [ ] Record the accuracy, running time and fitting problem. Find the optimal one.

## Schedule
- Next Meeting: TBC (In Feb 2020)
  (For the reason of Prof. Zhang will have a leave in this semester, the coming meetings will use online tools.)
