# 18-03-2020 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Elaine, GUO YAN JIA (D-B3-0173-6)
- Oscar, KUAN KA MENG (D-B5-2625-8)

## Finished items (from the last meeting notes)
- After consideration, we decided to use a simple SVM algorithm to write this project.
- We got the personal dat file from Physionet ECG ID databases, and then convert them to csv file (includes original frequency and fixed frequency). After that, we build a new python3 training file. 
- The alternative plan is use Matlab. We also find several exist Matlab project about ECG biometric identification. 
- We buy one more AD8232 ECG collecting chip and 50 sheet patch, so that we can coduct a live demo.

## Discussion
- Since we can not go in to the lab, we can not use the powerful GPU computer to do deep learning. We try to change our project direction from deep learning to normal machine learning which do not need to use neural networks.
- We change to use *Google Colab Notebook* (like Jupyter Notebook) with Python 3 to build up the deeping learning model to instead of Lab GPU computer.
- Our project language may change to Matlab instead of python.

## Challenges
- The time is limited. It need time to find, train and test model.
- Our computers are not powerful enough and needs to wait for a while to complete the model run.
- For the reason of virus outbreak, we cannot use the powerful GPU computer to train the model. We needed to decide keep the original deep learning method, or change to the another algorithm (such as *traditional recognition* method).
- If decided to change to Matlab, our jobs and time spent in python is useless.

## To do
- [ ] Apply for remote control of the lab computer.
- [ ] Find and test the exist framework and dataset.
- [ ] Decide whether to continue using python, or change to Matlab.
- [ ] Record the accuracy, running time and fitting problem. Find the optimal one.

## Schedule
- Next Meeting: TBC